Hey guys, in this video I want to show you how to make him
May made it
a small speaker unit can build and you play only six
a man a man like that I used too
and I want to talk about why you have the speed
and how it is built
he is my little example
we do here HTC uses Roland Rothmann
and the Rheintaler so if we press this switch
then the signal goes on but only for a short moment
always only as long as switch pressed
Lüthi for example a few
Have portraits and we have on a purchase on it
then we can force back what you do for it
and then it works out again but what do you want because we want that
remains
then viruses could
one
Shepherd
that looks like this
Now you can flip the switch and it remains exciting as long as failed
is laid
and make that out again
Clit out
the problem is appreciated if we have several now
Failure just want each other and we want to build a system
whatever
a pressed button last and all others not then we would have if we
have these switches
Everywhere Marlene goes it fails to make it
and then want to make Iran at the appropriate counter
to do after another
So who rest first then the evening
it is a bit awkward and
around
"Of course it's better if we have a charge to meet Aabar
it does not stay off
and there can be a Asbeck boss Matthias l it has prank
Prüm the state
Nantes Brixton Graz
avoid the sign as a lecturer I can easily with 2 dealers
Andy the rest of the torches hang on meant amalgam
and in between we use and rest
this system is holding itself now
the self-sustaining
yes, this is a signal from torches that never speak first
turned on so it is turned off and here as well
Now, just so grazing these facts is all these facts are out
and precisely because in this fake is out in St
this roadmap more the system is more or less in keeping with this
Feedback that we have made
independently upright
around
but how do you manage now that the system is switched, for example
that disturb there
This is quite simple
namely, by
easy here
around
Here simply create a signal at the here a signal was created
yes, then these falconers would go out
and because this is then out of that, and vice versa, Lorber
the problem with format
make knot
so seen gives demand lights up now put on a signal
Walla
the backlight
and that stays that way now
yes, because just this feedback have these facts
and that's why this piglet is off
and that's why it's 60 years old
through the feedback Inception I upright
and now for example we have pressed this button and now
shines
every drop the screen with the stepped
define our exit
Na and Cnet young man
and you can do it for example
Machinarium
around
Alu
each pressed and how do the rail air
although the button
not pressed anymore
To get it done now is turned off that's easy
because maybe we're doing this on this page because that's where I am
now here
insert a signal
then this torch goes out and with this torch off it goes to this
and so on and so on the system only that he is quite upright
the magazine low
so
Knittlingen
to move up to the NWZ
or power applied
this piglet has run away now
under it are
the signal that way and so we can build a system Waas March the whole
normal knot
all five are
and the SGS world then saves the status even more
depressingly hoping
and it shines permanently
pressing on it
and that it's from Grossbardorf
because in every song contest
very important
Not
the Redstone consultant on top
that has me at a disadvantage
the lady the line we use as an entrance at neither knocked off
wear
also works as output then
yes, these lines shine then just because here
have made a connection above this block
that's how her shelf of his we see is working too
so again fresh herbs and now that I'm here head of the entrance
the mark this system still work
but if you go now and
This PS charging unit integrates a more complex circuit
In order for this declining he can almost cause problems if that happens
Signal goes back to others
and then you change something there
the dissolution should be triggered
therefore the input and output should always be separate
and that is achieved by giving life
above no restaurant trot made yes the subjects against here one
Average not suspected entrance where the German team with
press the button
just for a brief moment entrance
expenditure
that separately
and so does the network game
if you have any questions he simply puts them in the comments otherwise
thank you for watching